createrepo proposal (#1403)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/custom-channels.adoc

====

> Before you start with creating a software repository with the {webui} ensure that needed extra metadata is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pre requirement is, that you have a valid repository. Please check before you start adding a software repository to {productname} with the {webui},  that needed metadata are available. 
```

A repository for me is, what we have on disk with packages + metadata.
The repository in SUSE Manager is only including or using this repo. We do not really create it.
The text above is still not perfect. I am open for more suggestions.

Author: I hope I got it right now.  Of course, I'm not sure whether my version actually is better...

Tools such as [command]``createrepo`` and [command]``reprepro`` are useful in this regard.

> [command]``mgr-push`` can help with pushing a single RPM into a channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[command]``mgr-push`` can help with pushing a single RPM into a channel without creating a repository.
```

====

Before you start with creating a software repository with the {webui} ensure that the [path]``repodata`` directory with the [path]``repomod.xml`` file exists in your repository directory.
If [path]``repodata`` is missing, use the [command]``createrepo`` command:
----
createrepo /path/to/repo/directory
----

> For example, replace [path]``/path/to/repo/directory`` with the [path]``/opt/mytools`` directory that is used in the following procedure.

Reviewer: There are man pages for createrepo_c and reprepro

> For example, replace [path]``/path/to/repo/directory`` with the [path]``/opt/mytools`` directory that is used in the following procedure.

Author: ok, makes sense.  I tried a more general description according to your proposal.  I hope it is better now.
